Introduce OKX Wallet Web3 provider and authentication strategy (#1768)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/react/use-sign-in.mdx

| Values | Descriptiom |
| - | - |
| `complete` | The user has been signed in and custom flow can proceed to `setActive()` to create session. |

> | `needs_first_factor` | The First Factor verification is missing. One of `email_link`, `email_code`, `phone_code`, `web3_metamask_signature`, `web3_coinbase_wallet_signature`, `web3_okx_wallet_signature` or `oauth_provider` is required to verify user. See [First Factor](/docs/references/javascript/sign-in/first-factor) for details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `needs_first_factor` | The first factor verification is missing. One of `email_link`, `email_code`, `phone_code`, `web3_metamask_signature`, `web3_coinbase_wallet_signature`, `web3_okx_wallet_signature` or `oauth_provider` is required to verify the user. See [the reference](/docs/references/javascript/sign-in/first-factor) for more information. |
```
